README.md, before:

# Downloader

Downloader for the following magazines:

| MagPi                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Hackspace                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | HelloWorld                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [![Testing MagPi Books](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-magpi-books.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-magpi-books.yml)     ![Testing MagPi](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/workflows/Testing%20MagPi%20Regular/badge.svg) | [![Testing HackSpace Books](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-books.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-books.yml)  [![Testing HackSpace Regulars](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-regulars.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-regulars.yml) | [![Testing HelloWorld Books](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-books.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-books.yml)  [![Testing HelloWorld Regulars](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-regulars.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-regulars.yml) |


## THIS SCRIPT CAN NOT BE STARTED  ALONE!!
It's a generic script, and it is/will be used for the downloader scripts:

The MagPi magazine: https://github.com/joergi/MagPiDownloader -> Please consider [buying the MagPi here](https://magpi.raspberrypi.com/)    
Hackspace magazine: https://github.com/joergi/HackspaceMagazineDownloader -> Please consider [buying the Hackspace Magazine here](https://hackspace.raspberrypi.com/)    
Hello World Magazine: https://github.com/joergi/HelloWorldDownloader -> Please consider [buying the Hello World Magazine here](https://helloworld.cc)    

~~Wireframe magazine: https://github.com/joergi/WireframeDownloader~~ it seems that Wireframe is not anymore at the moment

All this issues are freely available. You can also buy this magazines as paper versions. Check out the homepages.

## Important:
### for special issues, at the moment the last line must be an empty line, else the last one is ignored


---
# This project was done by this lovely people, thank you!!!
<a href="https://github.com/joergi/downloader/graphs/contributors">
<img alt="all contributers" src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=joergi/downloader" />
</a>

Commit message:

Adds testing script to make testing easier

README.md, after:

# Downloader

Downloader for the following magazines:

| MagPi                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Hackspace                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | HelloWorld                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [![Testing MagPi Books](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-magpi-books.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-magpi-books.yml)     ![Testing MagPi](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/workflows/Testing%20MagPi%20Regular/badge.svg) | [![Testing HackSpace Books](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-books.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-books.yml)  [![Testing HackSpace Regulars](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-regulars.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hackspace-regulars.yml) | [![Testing HelloWorld Books](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-books.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-books.yml)  [![Testing HelloWorld Regulars](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-regulars.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/joergi/downloader/actions/workflows/testing-hello-world-regulars.yml) |


## THIS SCRIPT CAN NOT BE STARTED  ALONE!!
It's a generic script, and it is/will be used for the downloader scripts:

The MagPi magazine: https://github.com/joergi/MagPiDownloader -> Please consider [buying the MagPi here](https://magpi.raspberrypi.com/)    
Hackspace magazine: https://github.com/joergi/HackspaceMagazineDownloader -> Please consider [buying the Hackspace Magazine here](https://hackspace.raspberrypi.com/)    
Hello World Magazine: https://github.com/joergi/HelloWorldDownloader -> Please consider [buying the Hello World Magazine here](https://helloworld.cc)    

~~Wireframe magazine: https://github.com/joergi/WireframeDownloader~~ it seems that Wireframe is not anymore at the moment

All this issues are freely available. You can also buy this magazines as paper versions. Check out the homepages.

## Important:
### for special issues, at the moment the last line must be an empty line, else the last one is ignored

## Testing
You can click the tests in the [testing.md](testing.md), to see if the script works on Linux/Mac

---
# This project was done by this lovely people, thank you!!!
<a href="https://github.com/joergi/downloader/graphs/contributors">
<img alt="all contributers" src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=joergi/downloader" />
</a>
